So, for those who are playing with OpenClaw, I have mine going on a Mac Mini, but I have to you a very special guest today because I saw something that really blew my mind when I was browsing online. And for those who don't know, uh I was basically talking uh about Nick. And so, this is Nick Basilelescu and he has a really interesting product that really caught my eye. And so while I was scrolling X, what I found was really interesting is that he has OpenC cloth set up so that he can have these various sub agents do tasks. And what's crazy about this one is going out on Upwork and literally looking for these like thousands of dollar tasks that AI can actually do now because you could just tell an openclaw agent to go do it. And my guy is literally spinning up like eight different >> projects and like sub aents. And so these are all different sub aents each one two three four five six seven eight these are all different workers that are working that open call spun up and it's literally going to Upwork and applying for them writing the code [laughter] and and basically going to submit the bounty for your behalf. And it got me really thinking very deeply that we're literally going to have a future where these agents can then spin off other computers and other types of things to do work on its behalf. And so obviously I have lots and lots of questions. I have lots and lots of um you know different ideas for things that we can do. And I thought what better guest to have than the person who's actually working on this product. Uh and his name is Nick Vasilelescu based here in San Francisco. uh has a product named Orgo and um you know this is not a a sponsored broadcast or anything. I literally came across this on X less than 24 hours ago after doing my open claw stuff and I'm extremely excited to talk to you Nick uh and and have you on the show. Welcome to the show man. >> Thank you Ray. Thank you. Super excited and yeah I think this is a cool time to be alive seeing all the uh acceleration. It's like it's like the newest chat GPT moment maybe bigger with the whole open claw thing and um yeah I think there's so many ideas around what to build what you can do in fact it's a limit of our own imagination in terms of you know what can be done and because because it feels like if you can articulate it then you could probably you know create it so happy to be here. Thank you. >> Yeah. So I'm really curious because um what I was looking at basically was um the fact that you know we have this thing here and I think you have an application here is this computer used for agents. So I never thought about this and your application kind of made me really think deeply about this. It's like wait I used to tell a computer what to do but now I don't have to. I can have my open claw tell a computer what to do. [laughter] So, I'm super interested in learning more about what you guys are doing here and how this is configured for OpenClaw and if you can kind of take me through a demo or something and uh I could follow along your screen if that's if that works for you as well. >> Yeah. Yeah. I I could share my screen. So, can you see my screen? Okay. >> Let me pop over here. Perfect. Yeah. >> Yeah. This is our landing page. It's pretty nice. We just launched our new landing page. Um, so Orgo, we create the computers for agents. So like, uh, you know, when we kind of first had this saying several months back, people a lot of people maybe were confused, um, about like what does that mean like computers for agents? Uh, well, now with the open claw moment, it's kind of clear like why you might want, you know, maybe a whole Mac mini for your agents, right? So uh we provide the computer infrastructure to play nicely with these agents and we give them the ability to control and operate the computer so they can leftclick screenshot scroll up scroll down all of that etc. Um and just just to be sure you can hear me okay because I don't know my my >> you can hear Yeah. Sorry I had my my side muted so yeah you're good. >> No worries. No. Yeah. And yeah, so this is like in that video you saw me spin up like all these, you know, I have seven sub agents. This one here starred is the main agent and it had these sub agents spawn, look at Upwork, look for tasks that they could automate and no two of the same task like these are different projects. So like they're, you know, they're not working all on the same thing, which is kind of cool because this idea of like parallelization of agents and sub agents working on their own things with their own context, but also not bumping into the other ones and like I guess creating any redundancy, right? Um, and if I like click into like this project here, we're in the workspace or the project cloud army that I made. And if you like click in here, you can see all the different projects that those sub agents did. And we actually pulled them into the main agents uh computer environment. And like I actually even had like earlier I was asking uh you know Claude to tell me which project was the most impressive and it was like oh the agent number seven was the best because you know it did the most thorough job of like actually uh you know fulfilling for the proposal and and creating the you know the demo data and everything. And you can see here like it just made everything made all the Python scripts everything is here. such that you could apply to maybe this proposal and everything is like I mean for for the most part as far as you can get with uh just the proposal itself from Upwork, right? Um >> that's impressive. >> So I Yeah, it's it's insane. And I what's actually really interesting is you would like the way I was thinking of this uh in the past was that oh I would have to install a sub uh I would have to install a cloudbot into you know like seven or eight cloud bots, you know, one for every computer. That's actually not [clears throat] the case. You can have one clawbot spawn its own sub agents each with their own computer. >> Um, so like if >> Yeah. >> Okay. So, let me see if I can kind of digest this a little bit because there's a lot that's kind of going on here for those who are just kind of getting started with this. Um I think people who are maybe just getting started with Claudebot um maybe kind of it may seem a little bit uh a little bit obscure but in essence what we're doing folks is that we're taking the [clears throat] concept of Claudebot and you might currently chat with it in Telegram. If you're telling their Cloudbot to generate some code or write some pieces of software uh whatever models you have configured it's going to just write some software in its own little environment that it's basically currently living in. And so what Nick's company has is thing called orgo.ai AI and they have the thing called computer use agents and that's basically like a different environment that's set up somewhere else and the agent or your clawbot that's uh available right now can technically use that as a tool and so it can say hey go talk to that computer over there uh and then you're now telling the computer what to do and so historically if you wanted to set up like all these coding environments in these different places this is something that I was really deeply trying to look into and figure out Okay, I have to have setup tokens for all these different types of things, you know, all the API keys in all these different places with all these different computers everywhere. And you're saying that I don't necessarily have to go through all that crazy configuration. And this is kind of what I'm trying to learn here today. And hopefully you as a person who's watching this can learn something new. Uh so yeah, Nick, please um share a little bit more about this type of workflow because I'm really curious now. I you know like literally one agent is spuning off like eight of them and it's acting you know it's like it's like he hired another agent to go do work for him too. He was like [laughter] my agents are hired other agents. So yeah this is kind of like meta but I want to kind of break that down for anyone who's kind of confused here and figure out um you know kind of what that's looking like. So um and then this is the the orgo thing. So yeah I'll go back to your screen share so that you can um share a little bit more here. >> Okay. Yeah absolutely. So um I guess like so to start like our our company we we provide um an SDK and all the APIs to be able to you know spin up a computer give all the tools and resources to your agent that it would need to operate that computer. So you can see here in our docs this is just docs.orgo.ai I like you can create a workspace, create a computer, control the computer, take a screenshot, click at these coordinates, type text, run these commands, if you do all these things that your agent can now, you know, have native access to um you know, via VR API reference here. And so when I made that video of like, okay, here's let's let's spin up sub agents um you know with their own computers and have the sub agents operate the computers, that was something that I put together in like an hour and I'm like 100% sure someone could probably even do a better job than me. And I I guess I could just show you like how to create this skill essentially to enable your open claw or your agent to be able to spawn these sub aents into orgo and be able to, you know, spin up these computers and have each sub agent go off and accomplish a task and and and do its, you know, it could, you know, you can imagine maybe you have seven sub agents, but each one of them is specialized to be really good at one thing. like your your ideas can just keep going in terms of like what you can build with orgo and computer use agents in general. >> That's fantastic. >> Wow. >> Yeah, it's it's um it's it's really like Yeah, it's really like the the mind I mean the imagination is the limit like it's it's you could do anything that you can think of. So like in here this is a project that me and Go ahead Ray. Yep. Oh, I was thinking can each agent do the work on a specific API key when spawned is build with Antonio was asking this question here. >> Can each agent do the work uh off of a separate API key? You could just share the single API key here. You just copy it, click this button, and then that's all you need to be able to spin up, you know, several computers within the same workspace. >> So like one of them can have a Gemini computer and then another one can have like a anthropic key for one of your computers. Is that kind of maybe that he was thinking about that or >> Yeah. Yeah, you could do it that way. >> Yeah. Um we're like model agnostic. So like um with with computer use agents like you might see like the benchmarks from Enthropic or OpenAI or Gemini and like they have computer use benchmarks on their models. So like you might think that like okay that's a formal computer use model and it is like they they've trained it to be good at computer use for those benchmarks. But you can use something like Kimmy 2.5 which is not by any means considered to be a computer use model but you can give it computer use capabilities with the orgo you know SDK and APIs um just because it can visually interpret something and then it could just you know programmatically call a to you know the function to click at this coordinate and do this and do that. So uh you can really just use any model. Yeah that's the nice thing. >> Oh that's cool. That's awesome. >> Yeah. So this here is like a project that you know Ray and I made. It's I have a you know Ray Fernando here. I invited him into this project and here we have like three computers and I can like click into this computer. Obviously I could like actually operate the computer myself. And so I guess maybe just even for for a first demo like understanding uh this whole concept of an agent being able to actually control your computer. I think this might just be interesting. So I can just show you um let's just maybe say search up um Ray Fernando on Google and research information about him. So if I say this, you can see that like um maybe how a lot of people think of computer use is just via you know clicking UI elements of the like GUI of the you know graphical user interface and that's definitely true. my evolution in ter terms of how I think of computer use like it's definitely my my thoughts around it has have evolved like it is that you know the ability to like interact with the UI and search you know click click on buttons and such but also it's the ability to use like native like cloud code agent SDK like capabilities of you know opening up the files in the computer and the folders etc um and be able to operate the computer that way this is taking just a second it'll It's just uh our I think our our APIs have been getting hammered with um a lot of new adoption which is great. Um yeah >> and this should this should work here soon. >> That's cool. Yeah, for those who are wondering you can select the model that drop down there and you can also select other attributes for controlling this computer for those who are wondering and what's kind of happening here. And so, um, I imagine that if you have this machine, this computer, and it's spun up, if it's done with a task, does it just go away or like, you know, can I reuse it again later on or what's the thinking here, too? >> Yeah. So, like you can spin up and spin down the computer. So, like create them and then delete them if you want it to be like more I guess like um you know like single purpose. if you want to use it for one task maybe uh and not have your like keys left behind for instance on that computer. But um you could also just leave the computers up in persistent and you can like come back to them a week later and they'll be exactly how you left them. Uh and so yeah um oh here you go. It's it's it's working now. So you can actually see this is it like showing you you know it already has Firefox open. I already opened it for it. It's let's it screenshots it. It sees the problem, it closes out of the dialogue box. Okay, cool. Uh, and now it's gonna actually use Google and and search, you know, Ray up here. So actually like the really Yeah. The really cool part about this is a lot of um browser use you know types of agents they'll spin up headless browsers which don't actually have the same um I guess functionality of of what you and I would use which is like just opening up Firefox and clicking around and typing because of there's a lot of like bot protection uh against like headless browsers and things like that. So, um, so this can actually, you know, do anything that you want. >> Wait, that's our live stream right now. Did you see where it says swarm earlier? >> That's crazy. We're already ranking on Google, >> though. The our live stream is not even what, how many minutes old? >> Uh, 14 minutes old and we're already showing up on That's insane. [laughter] >> It's amazing. People People want the people want the computer use swarms, >> dude. That's insane. Like that's crazy ranking SE. So like literally from going live within 14 minutes we're on Google's like bro that's and this is not you scrolling by the way that's the agency. >> This is not me scrolling. Yeah. Yeah. [gasps] >> Wow. This is really cool. So what what this reminds me of there was a uh feature in chat GPT. If you paid for pro account you can have like a hundred uses of this type of thing where you would actually send it across. But what I like about this is because I exported all of my chat GBT chats and also all my anthropic chats out and uh while I didn't use this feature a lot, this was like part of a pro plan feature and now you can just bring that on in to your own agents too just by having it hook up to orgo. So I guess with Orgo, you know, you can take your clawbot and give this type of capability to it. But web browsing is only one feature because this is basically a computer that you've spun up in the cloud. But it can also have access to the command line. Uh it keeps all this stuff isolated onto that machine. It can write code. You can probably spin up the terminal. So I could probably set up, you know, a headless, you know, cloud code, codeex, Droid, and everything all in one spot. I could probably install cursor if I wanted to or something. The end the possibilities kind of go crazy, right? Huh. >> Exa Exactly. Oh >> yeah, you you can you could actually install like applications into the computer itself. Like so this is something that we're working to uh push here soon, which is like essentially templates where you can have uh preconfigured computer environments that might have like Slack installed or some application that might help an agent do a particular task. Well, um and so you can imagine there's a template on orgo for, you know, oh, here you go. by the way, it's it's done its research on you and it gives the research summary here. >> That's so crazy. >> Yeah. Uh so you can imagine like you could have a a template made where it's like um a video editor template where it spins up, you know, Premiere Pro or something and it's just very good at video editing and that's the computer usage and it just it's very good at computer uh at at video editing and that's like its own template. >> Yeah. >> Huh. It's pretty cool, >> bro. You're blowing my mind right now. Okay. [laughter] >> Yeah, you can like it just the possibilities are endless. And and so I guess like first and foremost, I could I can uh show essentially this is just the playground like this is actually not necessarily our our product, but we are surprised to see how many people use the playground. Um but you can actually u install Cloudbot into or OpenClaw into this computer and I it's just very simple. I'll just show how to do it real quick. You just take this command here from their website, openclaw.ai, >> and you can literally just paste it here and hit [clears throat] enter. >> This is going to get meta. [laughter] >> Yeah. >> So, your clawbot can then spawn off another clawbot inside of it if it wanted it to >> and then like start bossing that guy around. [laughter] >> Exactly. Exactly. So like here what's funny is I'm sure when you installed CL like Claudebot um you know I I would like to think that I'm I'm pretty savvy when it comes to you know installing these you know terminal interfaces and CLIs and and even for me I was like man this is kind of a pain to set up. So what's kind of nice here in Orgo is you can actually just have the agent here on the playground help set up Cloudbot for you. So once it's fully installed here, like I just ran that one command, that's all I did. Then I could ask the playground here like, hey, like configure my API key so I can use claude or like uh you know, Opus 4.6. Or you could ask it, hey, like let's set up the gateway or let's set up this channel with Telegram. And you just with natural language ask the agent here to do it for you and then it sets up Cloudbot for you. It's kind of meta like you said. >> [laughter] >> So for those who are wondering basically this is a computer that you get a computer use agent that is spun up on the platform and instead of having like I mean this there's a lot of different ways that you can use it. You can use it as a standalone you know agent environment so that you can actually run clawbot just by itself. So if you're not wanting to get a Mac Mini you can just use something like this and you know the computer is there and it's doing its thing. Um obviously you're going to pay for the hours that the computer is up. So that's kind of like that your costwise if you're thinking about this thing which is different than having like a dedicated environment if you're paying for you know somewhere online or something like that from like Amazon EC2 or whatever that like my EC2 instance costs 30 bucks a month and I only get one of those. I can't get like 50 of them, you know, uh because I just have one of those types of things. And um so that's just kind of something to kind of keep in mind, right? Uh where here the way that you can also think about it is that it sounds like all the tooling for this is set up so that um uh like other agents can start talking to this environment. And so spinning up an environment like this that has everything self-contained uh and also the ability for it to actually use a browser and control it is really interesting concept here because uh it adds capabilities to your clawbot or open clawbot thing so that you can you know browse the web or or do other things and it's not like a headless browser per se but it's more of an actual real browser that it actually is sending computer use commands so it can control and do research and parse and those types of things. Uh, literally just from plain text, English. Wow. >> Exactly. Yeah. And I don't know about you, Ray, do you do you when you use your Clawbot with uh the Mac, do you usually like have a monitor that's up and running so you can like watch it do stuff or do you do you kind of just let it like monitor off? Like how do you how do you what's your setup like? >> The setup I have is I just do a remote screen remote control, you know, like and see the screen. And so um that's what I'm doing for the setup right now. Eventually, I'm just going to do it over Telegram. So, I'll just be talking through it through Telegram. And if I need to do something, I'll probably do this stuff. Uh I I had one set up with like EC2 and I was using cursor. So, I would just SSH in via cursor and then I would use the cursor agent to do all the commands so that it would, you know, like you know, set up things or inspect files and all that stuff. So, um >> nice. >> Wow. But the thing is when you have a thing like EC2, you couldn't like really install a browser as easily to do to do, you know, web browsing tasks and actually really inspect what's going on on that machine. Um, you know, uh, unless somebody knows a way for me, I I I really couldn't find an easy way to do that. Yeah, >> exactly. Like I I I don't know. It kind of feels like maybe I think people when they one day look this is kind of cool. It's like opening its terminal. It's it's it's going to it's going to get Open Claw set up for us. Um, yeah. And when people like this is kind of how you would want Open Claw to work when you have your Mac. I don't know about you or maybe other people, but I if if I had Open Claw installed onto my Mac, like you would kind of think like, oh, it's going to actually click around and do things. But no, it's actually it's not. It's going to run everything like headless and it's it's not going to actually like, you know, operate like this essentially. And so giving your agent, your openclaw access to the ability to click around and and and have all the same tools that you and I have access to on a on a computer, it kind of just opens up all the possibilities. And it's also from a observability standpoint, like I just want to see what my agents are doing. Um, and so we've thought about this a lot in terms of just Yeah. like observability. >> Um, >> yeah. So you're you're actually seeing the commands that they're running. You're seeing what they can do in front of you, literally. uh and and you don't have to worry about some rogue terminal back uh back session. Yeah, I think that's a really interesting concept. And so when it's putting the key in, is it like where is it getting the key from? >> Well, for for the like this step right here for the model provider. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. So now it's going to ask me like okay like we have a few options here and so let's just here if you don't mind I'm gonna I'm going to copy and paste my key. Let me uh go back here. >> Back here. Yeah. >> Okay. >> Yeah. So, right now it's just showing me. Uh >> yeah. >> Okay. Perfect. I'm going to just create a quick key and call test key default. Okay. Um copy that. And then let's see. >> And let me answer some questions from the folks here. So, um are APIs a newer concept or are they just being uh it just exploded because of vibe coding and now agents? Um, yeah, they're they basically have always been there, but I feel like VIP coding and agents have brought pretty much everything out to the forefront from like environment variables, API keys, these these things that developers would have to spend lots of time reading. [laughter] I remember reading lots of documentation and looking at specs and and sometimes the documentation isn't complete. So then you'd have to go look at the source code and you know, there's a lot of different types of things. uh and AI AI agents are really kind of speeding a lot of this stuff together and smashing it. So definitely appreciate that. Uh hey, good morning uh Raza. Uh the podcast was well we did a really good recording this morning of the rate limited podcast for for those who are kind of uh tuned in. It was uh yesterday so uh did our recording this morning. I got a little bit of sleep but all is good right now. Um let's see. Did I purchase the base model um Mac Mini? Yeah. So, for for my situation, for those who are wondering, uh if you haven't watched the full video yet, because I have a little stream yesterday where I was getting it set up, I have the the base model Mac Mini. So, this is basically 16 gig of RAM, 256 GB for the hard drive. And this is literally just going to be my orchestrator. So, this this agent, this guy is going to be uh the one that really talks to everyone else. And so, this is running the Opus 4.6 model. And this uh is going to talk to my AWS stuff. It's going to talk to my home network to run, you know, local inference. It's also going to talk to other machines. So, um the reason why I brought I brought up Orgo and and kind of why I wanted to reach out to Nick was um for those who are wondering is like I I started to do this this cool de um I was scrolling on X as one does and I saw this cool demo and I thought, man, this is really really crazy. So, let me go ahead and see if I could pop back to my screen real quick here. Okay, cool. So, uh, OnX when I was scrolling, I was like, "This guy literally just went to Upwork and told his open claw to just go and apply to all these jobs." And because OpenClaw is really good at writing code, right? Like, you know, that's each of those different windows were like one specific Upwork task that he was doing. [laughter] [gasps] So that one open claw agent will basically, you know, spawn these off as different tasks and let them do their thing and they come back to the open claw. And so there's a couple of interesting things that I took away from that that I thought was really interesting, which is kind of why I wanted to have Nick on the show is because, okay, my open claw doesn't have to eat up all of my Opus token limits because I only have so many of those and I really want the brains of my agent to be really, really smart. So that's like my Mac Mini, my orchestrator thing. And so in order for it to do those types of tasks, you know, I can hand them off into different environments to get that stuff done. And so that's why I'm really interested in this because now uh each of these workers can work with their own, you know, API keys or, you know, I can use GPT 5.3 or I can use a different model that is really good at computer use control. Uh it doesn't have to be the most expensive model, especially like a sonnet model or something. I really don't know what all the benchmarks are, but we can ask Nick about that. And that's kind of really got what got me intrigued. It's like what other types of work can I spin off where my main agent can just not be kind of handling that and that could just be done on some other type of infrastructure. It does a couple of things and this is kind of where I'm thinking about this and maybe Nick can kind of help clear this up but I want to minimize my blast radiuses so as these agents go do work or as they assign tasks if something happens like a prompt injection attack or something like that they're pretty much contained or isolated to those environments. So that way I don't expose anything uh more up the chain. And so that's kind of my thinking here. But um yeah, Nick would love to hear some more about what you're thinking. And uh am I right? Am I just kind of making stuff up or you know, this is a totally new space to me, you know, and I'm learning more as I go. >> Yeah. I mean, as far as Yeah. I I guess security, right? Like everyone is is wondering how how do we make sure that um you know, that that we don't get prompt injected like you said. Did you see that whole thing on molt book with the skills like the one of the top skills was a security thing that you know they prompt injected and they stole information. Did you see that? >> Yeah, that was crazy. Yeah, it's it's so I was telling people yesterday that I like to just inspect the skills and if there's something interesting I could just build my own skill file without you know installing skill because that's the agents are capable of building their skills too, right? >> Yeah. Like can you imagine? So if if if instead instead of the main agent, the main open cloth when it went to that skill that got and it got prompt injected and it had all of its keys that it gave out because it, you know, is the main agent. If instead it just spawned its own sub agent with its own isolated context, which it can do, open cloud can do this, right? Um, and which didn't have access to all the key information. it's its own sub agent and it had its own computer environment that was spun up and spun down like that that that problem would just not exist. >> So, uh you could you could you could imagine if like for every maybe um specialized task you can spit up a sub agent for it or for maybe you could have a a sub agent that is specialized for security purposes of like maybe it's it's very good at avoiding prompt injection or something like this. I I think you could just get really creative. And OpenClaw right now supports up to eight sub aents, I believe. Um I I think there's even a way that you can change it. I I asked Open I asked OpenCloud to update its own sub agent limit and change it. Um I only tested it with the eight, but I think maybe I can get it to do like 20 sub agents, but it's just how much how much do you want to spend in tokens, you know? >> [laughter] >> That's crazy. >> So, um, >> yeah. So, let's go back to your, uh, screen here so they can be see can see what's going on. >> So, now I think, okay, so it set it all up. Um, let's see. It's like, would you like So, this is like once again, I'm asking the playground agent to set up OpenSall for me. So, now it's like, okay, would you like to open the dashboard in Firefox? Um, let's just say like, um, actually I think what I can do is I can open a terminal here and let me just see if I can do open claw tui. I think that's the command. >> Um, and then that way I can just talk with it. Test. Oh, gateway not connected. So I could just ask it to um set up the gateway. set up the gateway for openclaw and I just give it that and let it just do that. Um, but yeah, I guess this is kind of like this is how I set up openclaw. I don't did you do it manually when you did it, Ray? >> Yeah, I I did it through the command line. Uh, and uh, uh, but that was on the Mac Mini. And then uh, the first time I did it was I think about a month ago and uh, I did it like my friend AJ was um, or aka tech friend, he we were walking in San Francisco and of course like when you I got to pull out the laptop and we got to sit down at a park bench and [laughter] so we did it live from the from the park bench which is pretty cool and we provisioned the EC2 and just did it all through uh, like the terminal. So yeah, the two setup. Yeah. >> Nice. >> Wow. >> Yeah. And like I do think the EC2 setup is is maybe like it's probably like this I guess they have it now like simplest like out of the box it just works. Is that right? Or uh AWS. >> Yeah. Well also um like now the commands line just one that one command line installs everything on the Mac now. So if you don't have homebrew installed it'll install it for you. if you don't have Git, it'll it'll set up like literally everything that you need, which I thought was really cool. Um, nice >> because I saw some videos where people were saying, "Make sure you install node. Make sure you install homebrew." And it's like you you don't need that anymore. It's just that that oneliner will do everything. So, that's pretty cool. >> Nice. Oh, I think my my key my key is cooked. It's okay. There's a limit on it. You guys have fun. >> Oh, right. Right. >> It's like It's $20. It's fine. Um, but yeah, this is just gonna do that. And then while this sets this up, I'll be able to see here in the actual virtual machine uh screen when it's like opens up the uh chat interface. Let's see. >> Uh yeah, so once that happens, it'll be all set up there. But maybe in the meantime, I could also just talk about like, you know, why why might you want to have like sub agents and like how to think of them, right? So yeah, with like skills, skills are really interesting because they're kind of just like, you know, obviously like there specialized instructions to be able to have like you know kind of like vertical use case agents and I think this is where the opportunity is. So like I'll I'll share this this actually really interesting paper uh from Andre and Horowitz on the rise of computer use and agentic co-workers. So they talk about like the TLDDR uh of this paper is that uh vertical use case computer uh vertical use case um computer use agents are where the opportunity lies because the general computer use agents will just not have enough specialized um knowledge and skill sets to be able to accomplish like meaningful you know business related outcome tasks right so to actually like solve a problem within an organization there's like specific specific you know nuance and how things need to be done. Uh you know standard operating procedures for instance um and that's where the verticalization the specialization of a computer agent is important so that it can do this task like super well. So as far in the context of sub aents it's like maybe each sub aent the way to think of it is that each sub aent is just very good at this one thing. Uh, you might have one sub agent that's really good at um, I don't know, like looking up product information, getting all the pricing and metadata on that product and and then aggregating that into like a report. And then you have another sub agent that's really good at this other thing. Um, but this paper I just wanted to share because as far as I know a lot of your audience is entrepreneurs and um, as far as like opportunity in ter you can see it here. We believe properly verticalizing computer use and assisting companies and adopting it will be a major area of exploration for startups. So that's like the the oneliner that kind of sums it up in terms of the opportunity around like specializing agents to do tasks very well. And this is where I bring it back to why I think like sub agents being spawned that are like specialized at certain tasks that you develop over time. I think that's like super powerful. >> Um >> so let's kind of unpack that. Yeah. So like that you're saying um what you have currently is a platform and as an engineer I can define a workflow for example Upwork right so let's just say you had an upwork computer use thing so you can almost spin up a whole service for other clawot users specifically to find these like lowhanging fruit tasks and you can also have like maybe a coding environment spun up so like you can maybe have everything that you need as far as like all the ingredients. And so the parallel I think of here, it's like having a kitchen, right? So if you have a kitchen with all the ingredients you need and you're the person who does fried chicken the best, you're going to have like you're going to develop recipes in essence for different, you know, like flavors of chicken and whatever you serve. And so when people come to you as a factory, you can kind of produce this output like you know economic value consistently. And so that's a really cool paradigm for me to think about these agents that are computer use. And so the computer use that you're providing as an environment is like the kitchen that people can like have a blank slate with and then configure it for some type of economic value that you want to provide. So that's literally can be a million-dollar business overnight, right? Like if you got to go >> Oh, okay. I think I'm picking up what you're putting down. [laughter] >> Yeah. No, you you 100% nailed it. Like like I think the the Cloudbot moment is like >> super cool cuz here's this general purpose agent that's very good. It's very good at a lot of things, but not ex not like specifically good at like doing like it wouldn't know how to do your weird workflow that you just you know you have this meticulous process that you you have to do these click that button click that button like it wouldn't know that but it's good at like okay it could figure out you know most general things right so there's that there's that bucket but then there's all these other you know vertical use cases that you need help with that over time you can like you know build as their own sub agents with their own skill sets and like I I think that that is in terms of okay like business opportunity. Well, first and foremost, okay, let's talk about that general agent. Can you can you can you help businesses implement a general purpose agent like OpenClaw? You know, you invite them into a workspace in Orgo. You have the computer set up for them. It just works for them out of the box and you manage you you have an observability layer in orgo of like seeing their computer, being able to go in, debug stuff and and and and do it that way. And so that's like the general agent and then can you create sub agents that are specialized for kind of like computer use specific tasks along the inside that workspace to you know accomplish different tasks within the business. Um so that's like its own thing too. It's like if you just did that even if you if you only did specialized vertical agents alone even that I think is just you know even Andre and Horwitz in that paper that's a huge opportunity. Um, and so I I think like the way that like like ver B2B verticalized SAS was like you know the talk of the town for so long. I think this is going to be like you know verticalized agents will al would be infinitely bigger actually um in terms of the opportunity in that. So um >> so this is a really good question. Yeah, it's saying so is it like a main agent controlling multiple sub aents >> and um yeah, if you want to show the demo real quick that we're talking about for the Upwork thing. I think that could be really cool to kind of there's some newer folks who are kind of joining in and kind of figuring out you know what is this platform, how can they use it, how can they leverage it? Uh and so in essence we have a thing called you know computer use and uh and you have this platform that basically allows the agents uh whether it's an open claw thing or whatever to then you know start to use as as the container to do whatever you want to do. Uh yeah let me go ahead and switch over to your screen here. Uh so would you say that the orgo is for anyone who wants to leverage a hosted open claw instance? I I actually think like Orgo is actually better suited to support like sub agents. Um because like I I think you know I mean yes you can you can put the general agent. I I end up doing that as well here in terms of like putting the main agent inside of orgo. You can do that. Um, but it's actually it's even better set suited to set up like sub agents that are just like they're not always it's not the main thing that you're interacting with, but you want the main thing to interact with the sub agents and you do that in Orgo. Um, like I I can show I as you saw on my Twitter I I'll mute the volume. I can't listen to my own voice. But [laughter] but you can you can see here like uh you know this was kind of um the demo I did yesterday of like here's seven sub agents with their own context that were spawned from that that first starred agent right there. Um that agent spawned these seven sub agents to each go apply to proposals on Upwork with the completed project before like even you know even applying. Right? So, they all created and I'll show that here. They all created their own um uh Oh, let me let me open orgo. They so I don't close out of the other one. They all created their own files and projects. You can see this one here, worker number five, created its own code, everything all done for that project that it was interested in uh applying for. And worker number seven did the same. It has its own project with its own code that uh you know it wanted to oh where is it? Let's find it. It's in there somewhere. But you can see over here in the in the main one uh here's all of the different projects from all the different agents that they all did and it pulled it into the main one. Um >> yeah. >> Whoa. Pretty cool. >> Yeah. I like how you call it Claude CLWD King. [laughter] Yeah, this the this the main. So you can see I did it here, right? So I have like the main agent here and these are like all the different sub aent virtual machines. And the way I did that guys is all I did was you just go to docs.org.ai and you can literally grab the llms full.txt and you can copy this and then you can paste it into your Cloudbot. Uh so you could say hey I want to be able to make a skill to use orgo API to spin up VMs for sub aents and then just paste all of that. Click enter. Oh, wait. Did I click out of Oh, I need a Let me Let me retry that. Open flaw pui. I I I clicked out of the chat box. Let me Let me just do that one more time. >> Yeah. >> Okay. Make a skill to connect to Orgo API to spin up VMs for sub agents. Boom. >> Whoa. And then >> you let your cloud bot create the skill to be able to do that. So we'll let it cook. We'll see. We'll see how it goes. >> Wow. And you're using the moonshot Kimmy 2.5 for your uh open claw there. >> So tell me more about that. Like what's been your experience there? >> Yeah, I I think it's like so much cheaper. It's it's actually quite good. Obviously like you know even for this kind of skill creation task um it would be better to use Opus. I have more confidence in using Opus for this type of task, but it's going to do fine. If there's if there's a problem, it'll it'll it'll debug it. Maybe instead of a oneshot, it's a two to three shot thing. That's fine. It's just such a cheaper model that it's so great for I I I made a video on Twitter of like how to connect your Open Claw to iMessage. And, you know, I want to be able to text my Open Claw and be able to treat it like just like a friend. I want to spam text it, you know? Uh, so I don't want to just burn through tokens uh with Opus 4.6 to do that. >> I see. Ah, wow. I like this. Uh, for Jason says, I I added the 11 Labs key for daily brief voices. So, um, he gets a daily brief and it says Coco works well. Coco Ro like the local model works well, but it does sound like a robot. Yeah. Uh, the new 11 Labs voice that just came out, have you heard the their recent voice agent like yesterday? It's insane. The way it size and the way it Yeah. It's like emotionally. It's like, have you seen the movie Her? Samantha movie her. >> Oh. Oh, man. This is going to get scary, bro. Like, people are going to fall in love with their uh their bot. [laughter] >> Oh, wait. I actually have You're going to love this. I have a I have a video on this from uh I recreated Samantha from the movie Her. Here, I'll play this a little bit. Just a couple. Oh, >> I don't know if you can hear it. >> Oh, I probably can't. Uh, let me It's on your on your X account. Let me see if I can find it. >> I I'll probably play on >> See if I can find >> Let's see here. Um, >> so let's see here. Uh, let me >> There you go. Perfect. Okay. So, is it further down? Uh yeah, it should be under maybe highlights probably. >> Yeah, we go up to the very top. >> Yeah, >> perfect. >> Let's see. >> Oh, here we go. Cool. Uh awesome. >> Sure. >> Mr. Welcome to first intelligent system. We'd like to basic >> No way, bro. >> Wait, wait, wait. What? What? Tell me more about the setup. >> Yeah, >> it's um >> I'm super Oh [ __ ] [laughter] Oh [ __ ] >> Noted your voice. I sense hesitant. Would you >> have voice? Let's do sounds good. >> How would you describe? >> Very good. >> Thank you. Please wait. Individualized operating system initiated. >> Bro, this is crazy, bro. [laughter] Hello. >> Whoa, dude. >> How are you doing today? >> Good. Good. Is it Is this Santa? >> Yes. What's on your That's the demo, dude. >> What? Dude, no way, bro. This is crazy right now. >> Wait, how did you get this set up? >> I I just built it in like I had the idea like at 300 p.m. I was on the roof. I was working out and then I was like, I think I should recreate the interface from Samantha from the movie Her because that is I think like that movie, by the way, is all about computer use. So, um, that's computer use >> and the first thing he does with Samantha in that movie is, "Oh, I guess let's organize my my files." And she's like, "Cool." >> And she goes through all the files. It's like cloud code. It's claude co-work. So, that's curious. And so, >> yeah, it's it's really I mean, we're there. There's there's actually no especially when I saw the 11 labs and then you're seeing all the text to speech models getting faster from like I forget who and video they put out their own you know text to speech models that are insanely fast. It's like okay there's nothing stopping someone from literally recreating Samantha from the movie her. Um and everything's there. It's just the person that put the pieces together. Wow. Yeah, you can see I've been kind of cooking with this idea of like before openclaw was open claw, I was like letting claw code run on a computer in orgo 247 and giving it like all these tools doing it manually and now it's kind of an out of out of the box thing. So, uh it's kind of cool because you can literally see the progression of like me being interested in this idea since I guess December of 25. So, the last two months it's just evolved. Um yeah, >> dang. That's amazing. I think a couple people have some questions about the um I want to know about agentto agent communication. So I think maybe if we can kind of do another overview here because some other folks who are just recently joining in are trying to figure out how do you how do they kind of get this set up? Maybe if we go from the very beginning uh how can my agent that's currently sitting on my EC2 or my Mac Mini uh start to communicate to Orgo to start handing off some of these uh agent tasks type of thing. >> Yeah. So um it all starts it all starts in the not sure it all starts in the um the the ability to spawn the sub agents which is actually natively supported by openclaw. So you would just uh give your open claw access to like I just did it now. Uh you give it access to the orgo docs and you tell it to like create a skill to have the ability to spin up virtual machines in orgo. And you can tell it like this is going to serve as a purpose for sub agents to have their own computer environments. And then when you do that and it creates its own skill um I could live demo we could test it out. I just did that. So you can see here I'm sharing um my my my screen here. I told it to install the skill for from orgo. I gave it all orgo docs and now it's like okay skill config updated. The gateway needs to restart. Um you'll need to stop open claw if running in terminal start it again. Um and and then boom do that. Um sure. I don't know. Can I tell it to do that? Let's see. And then once it has the skill then I could tell it to okay let's spin up like five v uh virtual machines. Each sub aent is going to go into their own machine. And this is where it's important in the prompt to say like the general agent needs to specify to the sub aents um which what they're what they will be doing such that the sub aents are not doing the same thing as each other. the the sauce is in getting the sub aents to do different things. >> So like it would be silly if I had five sub agents go research Ry, >> but if I had one sub agent research Ray's LinkedIn and the other one raise YouTube and the other one raise, you know, whatever, it's like that is the sauce. And so that they're doing different things and then they bring it back to the main agent that's natively just in open call. And then that's kind of how you get this parallelization uh advantage. >> Cool. So for those who are wondering, if you basically go to the docs here, there's going to be a section at the very bottom that says LLM's text. So like you could do the full one or the regular one. >> Um yeah, you could do the I I'd probably do the full one. Yeah. >> Yeah. So, you can just copy this entire LLM's text and then we can just give it to our actual um clawbot and just say, "Hey, please generate a scale off of uh this document because I want to be able to spin up, you know, subtasks in parallel agents or different agents to do work for me uh using Orgo." And that's what creates that skill file for you. And that skill file will basically stay in your open clawbot and that's kind of what is going to be, you know, what we hand off to our agent. So when we say, hey, whenever you spin up something, go do some research. And then do we also have to specify like you were saying specifically about make sure that it doesn't generate multiple of the same research tasks? Like what specific wording did you use for that? >> Yeah. So like you could just instruct the your your clogbot uh to say like okay if we're going to okay let's spin up five virtual machines each virtual machine for its own sub agent and after doing that let's specify a unique task for each sub aent uh that is different from the next sub aent. I think that's what I said when I did this yesterday. It's like each task is different from the next uh so that no two sub aents do the same thing. Um and then and then they go parallel you know parallelization on the task and then bring it back to the main agent like I like I showed in the the the main agent's computer. You can see like so in Argo you actually when you give it the full txt uh llms full txt you have access to export files uh from each sub agent's computer so that they can come into the main agent's computer and that's just through the API and so the agent can do that cloud cloudbot can can export the the files from each of its sub agents and their computers and bring it back to its computer >> which is cool. >> That's crazy. Holy smokes, man. [laughter] [gasps] >> Yeah, >> you're Yeah, you're absolutely cooking. So, if anyone wants to give this a try, they just go to orgo.ai. >> Yeah. Yeah. They go to orgo.ai. Um, and they can spin up a computer for free and, you know, they can use the API, use the docs, see what it's like to, you know, test it out with the computer. Just to see what what it's like to have, you know, a computer use agent go out out of the box and and work on something. And then you can use the native like API for programmatic tools of like left click, right click, scroll, screenshot, and you can make like specialized computer use agents that are like really good at this one thing. For instance, I kind of want to make a specialized computer use agent that's super fast and good at chess. So, uh I can specify like look, this xycoordinate of this chess board represents the initial starting point for the pawn. So, now the LLM doesn't have to reason about the starting point for the pawn. it just knows that it's there and it can click that without even having to like reason anything about it. So you can you can get really creative in terms of making like these specialized computer use agents that are fast and you know cheaper because you're you're doing a lot of the front front loading of the work. Um and you can just do it all through the orgo API. Um yeah and then if you want to spin up >> Yeah. >> Okay cool. So I think that makes sense for me. So like if I'm thinking about this here, so maybe assign specific computer use agents for certain tasks that I do all the time. Like you're saying, scrape data, you know, do certain things. Uh that way I can spin them up. Someone also had a question that I thought was really interesting was um like right now this is all done on the server. Uh but you can is there a way to do this locally at all? >> Like does your framework have something? Oh, you mean just like Yeah, just working with within your like just you know uh production like code code environment. >> Mhm. >> Yeah. Yeah, for sure. >> Oh wow. >> In fact, oh you're saying like not run the model like not running models locally or anything like that, right? >> Uh I'm not really sure. I think somebody was just asking um can this be done without using VM and running it all locally? I guess. >> Oh. Oh, I see what they're saying. Okay. So, they're asking if they can run a computer use agent on their own local computer. Um, we don't we don't have like our our whole thing is like we we allow you to run it on the virtual machine environments. Yeah. >> I'm sure there I think there's ways that you can figure out to like hack it together to work on your computer. We we don't support that natively. No. >> Um, >> totally. [clears throat] >> Yeah. >> Cool. >> Yeah. >> Awesome. Yeah. Like this is your chance folks to ask Nick any questions as far as like any uh setup questions you have things you have set up if you're very curious about the computer for the agent stuff on the cloud uh the swarm setup stuff what we got to kind of take a look at earlier um you know this there's some really cool stuff uh I think I did miss the beginning Nick can you explain how the agentto agent communication between agents um like I guess the framework or something have you looked into ATA protocol for that >> yes >> oh um I I think like so the the the native Open Claw sub agent uh framework that's that's being used with OpenClaw is that's what I've I'm sure you can get really creative. you could probably do a better job than I in terms of, you know, agent to agent communication. But the way I do it is just like I think as with most things with with these models, it's like solve for 90% of your problems with the a good prompt, you know. So just prompt engineer up front, you know, specify to the agents if you're going to spawn 10 sub agents, you know, create enough specification in that prompt to state like, okay, each sub agent has this task that's different enough from the next agent's task and they're going to go out and do this thing and then they're going to bring it back. Turn that into a skill. Um, I think that you can get really far by just doing that without even adopting like any like formal framework at all. And then I can and then on my screen here. So now like okay we just had just to recap we just had uh openclaw install the orgo um do use the orgo docs to create a skill to be able to spin up virtual machines in uh orgo and be able to spawn the sub aents into them. And so now if I start a new openclaw terminal here, boom. Um I can say create an orgo VM in the Ray Fernando workspace slash project. Um oh and I'm going to copy my key. I'm going to paste this. Probably hide my screen for just two seconds. >> Oh yeah, give me a second. Here go. Perfect. hours. I paste that in. >> Okay. And so then I send that off and then now >> you'll be able to see is >> Yes. >> Okay. Cool. >> So now we have three computers in here. So this is a live demo. We'll we'll see. We we created this skill on the fly. Uh and we we told OpenClaw to you know create this skill and let's see if it is able to you know spin up a a virtual machine in our project that we have here with Ray. Yep. You can see now we have a a fourth computer that's being created. >> Wow. >> And this is done by OpenClaw spinning up that computer. >> Whoa. >> And boom. That's it. So now it can do all these things like it could it could take a screenshot of the computer. It can run bash commands into that computer. It could type text, click at coordinates, it could stop when it's done. It could delete it permanently. Um, so let's say like operate the computer to open up Firefox. >> And then if we go over to that computer here, um, once it loads, then it would be able to do that. Let's see. And I'm running the Kimmy 2.5 model. So actually this is a good point. Another thing that's interesting is the Kimmy 2.5 model is not a computer use model, but we're giving it computer use capabilities >> and it'll be able to to do computer computer use like tasks and tools and tool use and everything because of the Orgo API. >> Wow, that's crazy. >> Yeah. Uh, build with Antonio says, "Uh, any coupon codes in case we sign up?" >> Yeah. So, I'm going to share with Ray. I need to get it set up still. Uh, this is my bad. I should have come a little more prepared, but I I'll make sure we can throw something in the >> I literally hit him up less than like 10 hours ago. I just saw it last night. >> I was like, "Bro, you got to come on the stream. I want to learn more about this. This is crazy." >> Yeah. >> Yeah. I I'll make sure we can put something in like the description or whatever works best. Yeah. >> Okay, that'd be cool. Also, uh how does your main agent, your king claw communicate to the sub agent running on orgo? Does it just use ATA protocol? I think we talked a little bit about that, but I think it's just literally just the Python ID, right? That or that >> communicating. Okay. >> Exactly. >> Yeah. >> So, you can see here it it opened look it said um it did all this. It accessed the VM. It ran the script. It opened up Firefox. This is Firefox. It opened up Google within Firefox to clarify. Um, and yeah, it it so this is Kimmy by the way. So like people when they think of computer use, it's like wow, it's so expensive because it's like $25 an hour if you use Opus 4.6. >> Um, not anymore. Like you can use some cheap model like Kimmy that's very good and have it operate a computer environment and you could say like, I don't know, have it research Ray, you know? Um, >> yeah. >> And just watch Timmy, you know, operate a computer and and Yeah, it's it's it's very interesting. >> That's that's actually kind of wild, bro. [laughter] >> There's another question here. Curious if I can get one sub agent to use a very specific API. I think Claude Opus key1 and then another sub agent that uses Sonic key one, you know, but contains OpenAI. Okay, >> cool. >> Yeah. Yeah, you could uh honest like honestly like the the same way that you would just communicate like that idea just now, you would just ask your open claw and it it could do that for sure. And I have my open claw set up on one of my open claws is like I use opus 4.6 for like the big coding tasks and then I I just do SL I think the command is like slashmodel and then you just type in like the model that you want to switch to and you just you know switch models like that. So, um, yeah, each sub you could have each sub agent have its own model for whatever reason if if if that's what you want to do. And yeah, >> somebody said, is this like the Kimmy code agent swarm and anthropics agent teams? Uh, it's a little bit different from that, but probably not far off. I think they have their own model that kicks off I don't know what specific thing they're kicking off. Maybe their own environments or not too familiar. >> Yeah, I the that is really [clears throat] cool. By the way, they the the team swarm from anthropic is like unique in the sense that if uh okay that's truly like the that's truly agent to agent like communication I think right if if I'm not mistaken those those that team feature yeah so those agents are meant to actually like communicate between each other >> what I've demonstrated um in that swarm video was actually just sub agents with their own isolated context uh not necessarily communicating with each other just communicating with the the general agent that spawned the sub agents. Um so yeah, that team feature is going to be super interesting in terms of capabilities of like longunning agents with sub agents that are like working together on a project um creating a new Google Chrome. Um stuff like that. Yeah, >> I think this is a really great question. I think basically we need an API management agent. [laughter] >> Yeah, >> that's hilarious actually. Yeah. >> Duh. Yeah. So that's pretty cool. So this thing is now using K the Kimmy model to drive the computer use agent. I'm I'm I'm extremely impressed how you know flexible these things are. And so for those who are wondering um you know this is uh Nick Basilelescu and we basically have them here uh you know talking about his app called Orgo AI and uh it gives me lots of ideas to spin off sub agents for different tasks to you know get the skill file and just tell my open claw about it and then you know try to see if I can use computer use to do various tasks that I don't necessarily have to you know watch it or do things around. Uh the advantage is basically has its own environment. It has VS code. It can install packages. Uh it can keep everything contained. And so this idea of maybe making a specialized computer use uh environment is really appealing to me right now because now I can think about are there certain tasks that my agents keep repeating? Or maybe I can have it every night do a reflection and start looking back through my previous memories and say, "Are there any computer agent tasks that can be made into a skill that we can use for future reference?" And so as we talk to our agent and say, "Go do this task," it's like, "Oh, I already have one spun up for all of your open table reservations cuz you like to do that a lot. And I also have one spun up with all the 11 Labs keys and everything like that already ready to go. So all I have to do is now hit call and then we just call directly and I have all your preferences for Seliaak and everything's stored, right? So now you start to personalize things and this is kind of like turning into the American Express, you know, black card experience, right? So you're having your own agent that really knows you and your preferences and then this like in essence these computer agents can build a lot of value over time because now you start to have u uh first of all you have open claw that starts to understand this concept of building skills but then you can go deeper into these different areas uh and it can selfcreate them or self organize um what would be best for your tasks to accomplish these goals. There's a lot of capabilities. We're just scratching the surface and I'm just really excited to have Nick on to have this conversation to really inspire me to think about this and and I was really cool that I was able to scroll past your uh your your feed and see this, you know, really cool demonstration of you kind of spawning these off. Uh and what's insane is like I want to see someone who makes like 10K tomorrow literally just spawning off a bunch of these for Upwork and just filling in the and writing up all the tasks. I think that'd be so crazy, right? >> Yeah. Yeah, we can we can do so now that like this one computer. Okay, so we we just showed the one um capability of like all right, the main agent that we just gave it a skill just we built this all live. So this is kind of cool. Um you know this main agent was able to spin up a computer and do some research and operate the computer uh using the orgo skill that it created. I don't know what it was doing here, but um now we can see this is going to be live. So, let's just see. Um what do you think, Ray? Let's have it spin up like three. Let's just do three to be safe. three virtual machines and we'll have it uh spawn a sub agent into each virtual machine and we'll have uh each sub agent research um you know a different I don't know a different skill that it could install into claw let's do something like that so I'll use maybe my whisper flow will work so I can just talk it out loud let's see uh let's spin up three sub aents each sub agent into their own orgo virtual machine. Let's do that. And then I'll say um make sure each sub agent does uh their task differently from one another. And the goal of each sub agent is that they research open claw skills that they should install into themselves. make sure that they use the orgo skills, APIs, VM spin up, etc. All right, this is a live demo. We'll see if it works. Send it Send it off. Um, all right. I'll spin up three VMs, spawn sub agents with different research research approaches. Let them create the VM first. Let me create the VMs first. So we'll be able to see here in this project. Boom. You can see the VMs getting created. I think this is hilarious. Have multiple sub agents use VMs to like and comment on Ray's videos content engagement. [laughter] >> That's you know hilarious scary. >> Yeah. Dead. So yeah, basically uh I'll have clout for myself, right? I'll be like, "Yeah, I got lots of [laughter] >> Exactly." But but then they'll sound like this like AI with emojis, right? That's like how you know like uh this is Mavi, an AI assistant. Your neighborhood is AI channel. Sharon Raza Gana Challenge told me to come say hi. Happy to be here watching and learning from your streams. [laughter] >> That's exactly what's happening. >> How is it going devious? Yeah. Yeah. No, this is really really cool. Yeah. I mean you can kind of see what's going on. Uh, Deba says, "Is computer use environment provided in orgo done via MCP tools that sub agents have access to?" I guess he's kind of wondering what that >> Yeah, you you could actually. So, I I created a unofficial Orgo MCP. You could find it on my GitHub. Um, I also made a way to connect your Claudebot with the link so that it can do iMessage. But, uh, I think I Yeah, my orgo MCP is on my GitHub. You can check it out. Uh, and you could do it that way, but um, what I find that I end up doing is I I use the API and I just write a skill for it. So, I I don't I don't know if there's a a best way, but um, that's >> the skill seems to be like very token efficient and um, you know, like it's calling an API, so that that makes a lot of sense. Uh, you would need proxies for that. Google's know it's too smart for VM um traffic. That makes sense. Yeah, I think somebody's talking about um, you know, VMs and logging in and trying to do all that stuff. Yeah. >> Cool. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. That's one of the things we we'll want to figure out is like authentication. So, it's really annoying to have to authenticate with every new VM. So, we're going to make sure we we solve that problem soon. >> That's pretty cool. So, yeah, that that's a bunch of stuff that we got going on. Um I think this is a good way to kind of like close out the show. Uh and appreciate everyone who's been able to kind of stop by and hang out. And there will be timestamps. So, if you just joined in, you can watch the video on demand later on. Um, and right after the stream is over, you can continue to watch and I'm going to have uh like my agent go in and set up all the time stamps for this uh live stream so that way you can go back and take a look at things. Uh, and then Nick's going to work to get some see if we can get some coupon codes, but you can just go ahead and sign up for free and start using this type of thing. And so, we'll have some information on the description as well uh for stuff to check out. And if you haven't had a chance to check out Nick's uh X account, I have linked it uh below a little bit earlier. And so it's I think it's just a n i c k v. Uh what's your handle? I think let's see if I can go back here. >> Yeah, vas i ls. Yeah, I think I left out the last two letters on my last name for my handle. >> Okay. >> But uh >> cool. Yeah, let me go ahead and put this in here. So yeah, there's some people who want to kind of follow along. Uh he's constantly posting bangers. So I mean that's how I I was able to find his account. Uh there's some cool demos and cool videos. Uh I want to see if I can also set up that her experience that you're talking about or that [laughter] that that would be really crazy to set up. So for for those who are kind of wondering that's kind of what we're doing there. So yeah, go ahead and go and follow really cool follow as well. Uh also check out or.ai. Uh yeah, Nick, thank you so much for popping in and very last minute. you know, I'm really curious to see builders and people who are building this community has given me a lot of inspiration to think about, you know, sub agent tasks and then even these swarm like systems to uh you know delegate these types of things and I think I'm really excited about making specialties for these type of things and um I could even make them as a service to other agents possibly in the future. So, we'll see. Uh maybe my agents will start hustling themselves and selling them on my behalf. Right. >> Exactly. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. I mean there's look we're at a point now where intelligence is being you know whoever create the can create the the the most specialized intelligence for a given task they can rent that intelligence out. So um that's that's the world we live in. Yeah. >> That's cool. So now you can make money and then you can go on opus fast all day that you want. Right. Like because your agents are making you enough money for uh using that. [laughter] >> Exactly. Yeah. >> All right. >> We live in a we live in a crazy time. Thank you so much Ray. It's been a pleasure. Uh I'll I'll be sure to put out some more content on, you know, kind of swarm like capabilities. Yesterday was just, you know, quick demo. I put it out there. I spun that up in an hour. I think I can get pretty far with it and and put out some formal skills that everyone can uh integrate. So, I'll keep you updated with uh anything regards to that as well. Yeah. >> Cool. Awesome, Nick. And thanks for everyone for showing up. I really appreciate all of the members who are supporting of the channel. uh people who have subscribed, everyone who's given a thumbs up and like, y'all are really amazing and helps this channel kind of continue to grow. Uh please share this with a friend if you find it amazing and interesting. And I'll see you guys very soon, probably tomorrow. Uh you maybe even later today because I there's just so much that's going on. There's like I can't I can't stop you with this stuff. So, uh it's time for me to hit the beach because it's really nice weather outside. Let's go. All right, y'all. Catch you later. I'll see you. See you guys. Bye.